docs: clarify return values of item selector getters (#1015)
measuredco/puck: apps/docs/pages/docs/api-reference/puck-api.mdx

### `getItemBySelector(selector)`

> Get an item’s [`ComponentData`](/docs/api-reference/data-model/component-data) by its [selector](/docs/api-reference/data-model/item-selector).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get an item's [`ComponentData`](/docs/api-reference/data-model/component-data) by its [selector](/docs/api-reference/data-model/item-selector).
```

### `getItemById(id)`

> Get an item’s [`ComponentData`](/docs/api-reference/data-model/component-data) by its component id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get an item's [`ComponentData`](/docs/api-reference/data-model/component-data) by its component id.
```
